Where's your lost kid?
Oh, dare you mess with my merger plans, you bitch.
You've been a housewife for 10 years.
What the hell do you know about running a company?
Please, Tristan.
So my dad's here, I'll...
I can't just have some respect.
Your father knew that I was the only one
fit enough to run Brian Industries.
Not some useless little pooed like you.
I think it's time you learned your lesson.
No more playing boss.
From now on, you're gonna be a good housewife.
We'll be trying, learning from your tricks in a sack.
Help keep me entertained.
That is your job now.
You knew that he wanted me to take over a CEO.
Okay, Brian Industries was his legacy,
and he made sure that in his will...
I will?
Just...
It hasn't been easy for me either.
This funeral has been harder me too.